welcome to the men of recaps this is
arrow season 6 at the end of season 5
Prometheus blew up leanne you killing
everyone on the show luckily though most
people did survive thea got exploded
pretty good so she's in a coma for a few
episodes Diggle took some shrapnel to
the shoulder so he's got some nerve
damage but if Curtis consience Felicity
walking again he can science away a hand
tremor in fact the only death is
Oliver's baby mama
so he's suddenly a single dad speaking
of dads its mother F and Slade Wilson he
has a son that he needs to rescue from
some bad guys but turns out his son's
the leader of the bad guys and he has a
secret other son he didn't know about so
watch out that might matter later anyway
by day Oliver Queen leads Star City as
its mayor but by night he is someone
else he is something else he is the
green arrow and unfortunately this
picture surfaces so now everyone knows
it the FBI wants to take him down but
even though he is the green arrow this
picture is fake so he's off the hook for
now by the way full Oliver is back on in
fact they get married this season Oliver
wants to spend more time with his family
so he retires and passes the hood to
John Diggle the green arrow problem is
Diggs not much of an archer so they make
him a sweet crossbow that's close enough
to a gun he's very good with it but the
FBI still has their eye on Oliver in
fact turns out someone on the team is
testifying that he's the green arrow and
the culprit is for an a Ramirez the FBI
knows he's wild dogs so he's flipping on
Oliver to protect his daughter so Oliver
kicks him off the team but turns out he
was surveilling everyone which Curtis
and Dinah are not okay with so the three
members of new team arrow formed their
own Super Hero Squad and now it's time
for this season's villains super hacker
Kanan James remember Felicity helped
helix break him out of Argus custody
last season and surprise he turned out
to be a bad guy he can hack anything
with Wi-Fi and use it to kill people he
also has a gigantic city leveling bomb
just in case all of her suits back up to
take him down but he's recruited a whole
squad of super villains so the two
separate but equal' team arrows agree to
work together one of the villains on the
Kidd and James squad is vigilante who we
met last season but turns out Dinah
Drake knows him
it's her murdered former partner slash
longer turns
he's a good guy working to take James
down from the inside so these two are
romancing again but he soon gets caught
and new team arrow busts in to rescue
him
but it was a trap also working for Kate
and James is evil or all the black siren
Dinah watches helplessly as she yells
into his head exploding his brain he
ended up with super healing powers but
it seems like brain exploding works and
Dinah so sad okay then James is doing
all this because the Green Arrow killed
his son but turns out that was faked to
kid and James realizes one of his own
Squad has been manipulating him so long
story short he's gonna blow everyone up
Oliver puts a stop to that though so
who's the evil mastermind behind this
whole thing it's Ricardo Diaz it's the
dragon he's a soft-spoken kind of guy so
no one suspected him but he's got big
plans why destroy a city boy now could
back it over
he kills Kate and James which is too bad
cuz star city's in desperate need of the
seventy million dollars he ransomed they
find his account but it's already been
withdrawn by evil Laurel she almost got
away on bomb night but Dinah came for
vengeance and they had a black canary
battle Dinah ends up shooting her but
her fake father Quentin Lance was there
and half rescues half kidnaps her Eva
Laurel has consistently shown that she's
bad to the bone but one day she had
Quentin captive and they started talking
about how maybe she wouldn't have grown
up evil if her whole family hadn't been
murdered she ends up letting her fake
dad go so after that it became Quentin's
personal quest to force her Redemption
arc honor he makes a deal with Oliver
where she'll give back the money if he
helps her escape the country but before
they can new team arrow shows up and
Dinah wants her revenge so it's a team
arrow Civil War they have an epic fight
but Oliver lays the smackdown Eva Laurel
escapes but she comes right back
pretending to be real Laurel which is
awkward turns out someone stole the
money from her stash it was Ricardo Diaz
Green Arrow tracks him down but can't
arrest him he's used the 70 million to
buy the police department he's also the
one who's been trying to get all of her
in prison
in fact he's got a new star witness it's
Roy Harper with her ex-boyfriend in
danger Thea queen suits back up and
immediately kisses him luckily he's not
seeing anyone
to decide that they're in love and
aren't gonna ride off into the sunset
but they're stopped by ninjas yes the
League of Assassins they were disbanded
by Nyssa al Ghul but not before Malcolm
Merlyn created a splinter group that
still been operating after his death
Nyssa comes to help take him down and by
the way she and all of her are still
technically married anyway they fight
some ninjas and find a secret map
turns out Merlyn found three new Lazarus
pits via figures it's her responsibility
to help take him out so she leaves the
show to do that also Nyssa formerly
anoles her in Oliver's marriage around
this time Oliver and Diggle have a huge
argument and turns into a best friend
bro fight this helped them work out
their issues but tickle decides to quit
the team for good he goes to get a job
with his wife at Argus then it's time
for Oliver Queen's trial it's not
looking good for him because of course
the judge is bought by Diaz but the
green arrow busts in to testify who's
wearing the hood it's Tommy Merlyn he
died of course at the end of season one
but his story is that he faked his death
to go full time Green Arrow but it's not
really him it's a professional face
changer guy they hired unfortunately the
jury's also bought by DSO Oliver's found
guilty but then the judge declares him
innocent yeah was the face changer guy
again so congrats Oliver you're a free
man of course you got this poor judge
killed so Diaz goes to plan B which is
just murder Oliver and everyone he cares
about so facing this threat
Oliver apologizes for arrow Civil War
and the team agrees to work together
again
long story short though they still can't
handle Diaz so Oliver makes a deal with
FBI lady I'm gonna need you to say the
words
I am the green arrow yep yeah comes in
full force to liberate Star City which
is probably their job in the first place
right they don't get Diaz though but
then all of hers fresh and best friend
Anatole joins the good guys again he was
working with the as all-season but then
realized the Dragons a scary guy to work
for
so he gives up his location evil Laurel
was also working for Diaz but then she
realized he's a scary guy to work for
she tried to kill him but he's got a
sonic dampener so he captures her and
quentin and quentin takes a bullet for
her she may not be a good guy yet but
she really did care for her fake dad
so the cavalry busts in Green Arrow and
Diaz have their final rooftop battle and
at the end it's the same old dilemma
black siren comes and is like yeah I'm
fine with that boom blast of off the
roof but crazily he survives Quentin
Lance though actually dies and he had
Oliver have a really emotional talk
about how proud of him he is now so I
believe he might actually stay dead then
as part of the deal Oliver made with the
FBI he's gotta turn himself in he has a
big Iron Man press conference
I am the green arrow then Oliver Queen
is in prison
that's how season six comes to an end
[Music]